Wizards worldwide support the Scottish rugby team. It's an old magical tradition
Please help keep this noble tradition alive by tweeting #wizards4scotlandrugbyteam before #6nations Scotland vs Italy tomorrow!
All 3 suspected wizard-borns playing for Scotland tomorrow!
Happy pride day to all Slytherins, you devious little serpents, you.
Sorry I missed Hufflepuff Pride, but I love Hufflepuffs. My family comprises 2 Hufflepuffs, 2 Gryffindors and 1 Slytherin.
WHAT ARE THE GEMS IN THE HUFFLEPUFF HOURGLASS!?! Diamonds, of course. Because that's what Hufflepuffs are (some a little rougher than others). X
VERY IMPORTANT: Was Voldemort a virgin? Does a dehumanised wizard killer who murders in the pursuit of his own immortality forfeit the right to ALL privacy, Michael?
Unfortunately even the most powerful wizard in history is discriminated against for their sexual orientation. Only by ludicrous Muggles. The wizards don't give a damn - it's all about the magic for them
Newt only meant to stay in New York for a few hours. Circumstances ensured that he remained... for the length of a movie, anyway. X
Anthony Goldstein, Ravenclaw, Jewish wizard.
To everyone asking whether their religion belief non-belief system is represented at Hogwarts: the only people I never imagined there are Wiccans.
I could imagine Luna being a little bit wiccan! But it's a different concept of magic to the one laid out in the books, so I don't really see how they can co-exist.
it's safe to assume that Hogwarts had a variety of people and I like to think it's a safe place for LGBT students
Anthony isn't the first Jewish student, nor is he the only one. I just have reasons for knowing most about him!
I would never have a Horcrux! They are evil objects created by murder!
The Horcrux-receptacle has to be destroyed BEYOND REPAIR, so Harry would need to have DIED. 
The crack in the stone was irreparable. Only Dumbledore cd have extracted the soul fragment but left the original charm intact.
Fluffy was repatriated to Greece. Dumbledore liked to put Hagrid's more foolish acquisitions back where they belong - not the forest.
A Black ancestor coveted 12 Grimmauld place, so 'persuaded' the Muggle occupant to leave & put the appropriate spells on it.
Tomorrow, Scotlandteam play England at rugby. This explains why wizards ALWAYS support Scotland.
LOTS of people saw Dumbledore and McGonagall together. You aren't alone!
Ron's Patronus is a Jack Russell, which was our last dog.
Not all Slytherins think they're racially superior. But all those who do are Slytherins.
Moaning Myrtle's full name was Myrtle Elizabeth Warren.
Your Patronus only changes if it's eternal love, unchanging - part of you forever.
Fred was born first. I always thought that was obvious!
Draco turns 35 today. I'm not invited to the party, mainly because I keep telling girls they're misguided to fancy him.
Snape had his faults, but he was incredibly brave.
Harry left Remus's name for Teddy to use for his own son.
The Salem Witches' Institute isn't a school, but a joke on the Women's Institute in the UK.
However, indigenous magic was important in the founding of the school. If I say which tribes, location is revealed.
All these people saying they never got their Hogwarts letter: you got the letter. You went to Hogwarts. We were all there together.
Luna's birthday is the 13th February.
Hogwarts has no tuition fee! The Ministry of Magic covers the cost of all magical education!
Uncle Vernon absolutely loves Top Gear.
He signed the petition for Clarkson's reinstatement. Said it was the only reason he paid the license fee.
Uncle Vernon benefits from his fellow voters being informed, even if he remains an ignorant slug.
Uncle Vernon's total lack of charm or charisma might have prevented Top Gear becoming a global franchise.
Newt's a Hufflepuff, but the other heroes went to the American school of wizardry (and yes, I know their houses).
Finally reading Harry Potter & something has been really bothering me: if wizardry is genetic, how are "Mudbloods" possible? Recessive genes.
I would never, ever have a Horcrux. They are evil objects created through despicable means! (Possibly a teabag).
For the uninitiated, Big Jim looks like Hagrid's younger brother. @ScotlandTeam also has a player called Tonks.
Dumbledore is death. It's a beautiful theory and it fits.
I'm not too sure Draco would be a good boyfriend. Ron however?
Hagrid couldn't produce a Patronus. It's a very difficult spell.
You're a Slytherpuff. They're incredibly rare, so well done.
Who would win in a fight, Mrs. Norris or Crookshanks? It would be brutal and very close, but Crookshanks' Kneazle ancestry would bring him out on top.
Ron is a time-traveling Dumbledore -- fact or theory? False theory.
Draco definitely isn't a werewolf (and Snape's not a vampire).
Sirius Black was born on the 3rd of November
Snape died for Harry out of love for Lily. Harry paid him tribute in forgiveness and gratitude.
Snape projected his hatred and jealousy of James onto Harry.
Snape is all grey. You can't make him a saint: he was vindictive & bullying. You can't make him a devil: he died to save the wizarding world
In honouring Snape, Harry hoped in his heart that he too would be forgiven. The deaths at the Battle of Hogwarts would haunt Harry forever.
Snape was a bully who loved the goodness he sensed in Lily without being able to emulate her. That was his tragedy.
Snape didn't die for 'ideals'. He died in an attempt to expiate his own guilt. He could have broken cover at any time to save himself but he chose not to tell Voldemort that the latter was making a fatal error in targeting Harry. Snape's silence ensured Harry's victory.
Harry chose to perpetuate the names of the two who had nobody in their families to do so.
He stood to gain nothing personally but the triumph of the cause Lily had believed in. He was trying to do right.
Voldemort was nowhere near as bad as Donald Trump.
Rowling loves black Hermione
the Horcrux wasn't destroyed in CoS because Harry didn't die
Divination is a very imprecise branch of magic!
In my wizarding world, there were no skin-walkers. The legend was created by No-Majes to demonise wizards.
Yes, nearly all wizards use wands, which makes magic easier to channel. Wandless magic is sophisticated and takes more talent.
Exactly. Wands and brooms (and flying cars) are tools that channel magic. The most gifted can dispense with them.
there's a cultural tradition of using wands and broomless flight is (as you might imagine) very risky!
Yes, most wizards produce more precise magic by using the correct wand, which is why they've been widely adopted.
Interesting question. The wizards deny the right to bear wands to other categories of magical being. Some think that unfair.
A Goyle with a wand will lose to a Dumbledore without one. Most would choose wands to duel.
There was mutual respect and a sense of kinship between all wizards, no matter what their race.
As you'd expect from the much larger land mass of North America, there's more than one great wandmaker & all have different specialities!
As children, wizards often produce accidental magic when they feel strong emotion. Wands help control and channel this power.
If you need a test to find out what your boggart would be you're either fearless or addicted to quizzes.
Albus Dumbledore is fond of Newt Scamander for the same reasons that I am fond of Newt Scamander. You're welcome.
Dumbledore was a young teacher at the time Newt was expelled. He wasn't able to revoke expulsions.
I didn't decide to kill Lupin until I wrote Order if the Phoenix.
Arthur lived, so Lupin had to die.
Better humans make better wizards.
Vernon Dursley would vote leave.
Dean Thomas was called Gary in the first draft of Philosopher's Stone. I renamed him after a boy I knew!
The peacock is a symbol of immortality in certain cultures and nothing to do with vanity. Just saying.
Harambe is not a Patronus
There's a limit to how far you can Apparate. Inter-continental Apparition is very dangerous!
Newt went in through the No-Maj customs because wizards wouldn't have been so easy to fool. Transporting those creatures was illegal.
Graves Grindelwald is a Seer AND he was lying.
Snape had to train a slight natural ability. Queenie was born with a great talent, though she's not infallible.
An Obscurus isn't a creature...
Apparition becomes increasingly risky over long distances. As with most magic, much depends on the skill of the spell-caster: Apparition requires knowledge of the terrain to which one is moving, or the ability to visualise it clearly. Cross-continental Apparition would almost certainly result in severe injury or death.
‘Accio’ only works on inanimate objects. While people or creatures may be indirectly moved by ‘Accio-ing’ objects that they are wearing or holding, this carries all kinds of risks because of the likelihood of injury to the person or beast attached to an object travelling at close to the speed of light.
An Obscurus is developed under very specific conditions: trauma associated with the use of magic, internalized hatred of one’s own magic and a conscious attempt to suppress it.
The Dursleys were too frightened of magic ever to acknowledge its existence to Harry. While Vernon and Petunia had a confused hope that if they were nasty enough to Harry his strange abilities might somehow evaporate, they never taught him to be ashamed or afraid of magic. Even when he was scolded for ‘making things happen’, he didn’t make any attempt to suppress his true nature, nor did he ever imagine that he had the power to do so.
